README.md, before:

# Tab Manager Project
> 1.) Bianca Dominguez, Eri Midorikawa, Jessy Estrada, Nickolas Miller, Sarah Davidson
> 2.) We are creating extension that will be able to organize your tabs while surfing the internet. 
> 3.) Our target audience would be anyone who browses the internet. 
> 4.) Our tab organizer will help make surfing the web easier. Instead of having multiple tabs open and having to jump between tabs, everything will be in once place; making it faster for the user.
> Live demo [_here_](https://www.example.com). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
<!-- * [License](#license) -->


## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Tech 1 - version 1.0
- Tech 2 - version 2.0
- Tech 3 - version 3.0


## Features
List the ready features here:
- Awesome feature 1
- Awesome feature 2
- Awesome feature 3


## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->


## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.


## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

`write-your-code-here`


## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_ / _complete_ / _no longer being worked on_. If you are no longer working on it, provide reasons why.


## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2


## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...


## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

README.md edited. I added the featured based on the scored on the user stories. I combined Bianca's and Jessy's idea as I thought they were pretty similar

README.md, after:

# Tab Manager Project
> 1.) Bianca Dominguez, Eri Midorikawa, Jessy Estrada, Nickolas Miller, Sarah Davidson

> 2.) We are creating extension that will be able to organize your tabs while surfing the internet. 

> 3.) Our target audience would be anyone who browses the internet. 

> 4.) Our tab organizer will help make surfing the web easier. Instead of having multiple tabs open and having to jump between tabs, everything will be in once place; making it faster for the user.
> Live demo [_here_](https://www.example.com). <!-- If you have the project hosted somewhere, include the link here. -->

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Features](#features)
* [Screenshots](#screenshots)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
* [Contact](#contact)
<!-- * [License](#license) -->


## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What problem does it (intend to) solve?
- What is the purpose of your project?
- Why did you undertake it?
<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Awesome technology 1
- Awesome technology 2
- Awesome technology 3


## Features
List the ready features here:
- Style of organization - tabs are organized by the content the contain and is able to open all tabs with one click. - a mixture of Bianca's and Jessy's story.
- Neighboring tabs - similar tabs will be next to eachother. - Jessy's story. 
- Color scheme - different tabs will have different colors. - Sarah's story.


## Screenshots
![Example screenshot](./img/screenshot.png)
<!-- If you have screenshots you'd like to share, include them here. -->


## Setup
What are the project requirements/dependencies? Where are they listed? A requirements.txt or a Pipfile.lock file perhaps? Where is it located?

Proceed to describe how to install / setup one's local environment / get started with the project.


## Usage
How does one go about using it?
Provide various use cases and code examples here.

`write-your-code-here`


## Project Status
Project is: _in progress_ / _complete_ / _no longer being worked on_. If you are no longer working on it, provide reasons why.


## Room for Improvement
Include areas you believe need improvement / could be improved. Also add TODOs for future development.

Room for improvement:
- Improvement to be done 1
- Improvement to be done 2

To do:
- Feature to be added 1
- Feature to be added 2


## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).
- Many thanks to...


## Contact
Created by [@flynerdpl](https://www.flynerd.pl/) - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
